Deleted all files on my section. Will upload my files via 
zip files with a corresponding date with details in the ReadMe.


Version 1.0
    Forest Maps and Space Maps have been created. Only lacking a forest map with the crashed spaceship.
        At this time, it may not be feasible to create a village.
        Shortcut in the initial map could possibly not be created, due to time constraints.
    Issue with the dialogue boxes was discovered and a solution was found
        however unsure if this solution works for all resolutions.
    Story has been created; flavor text and details added for story depth.
    Unifying code with Dzuy's code has yet to be implemented.
        Will focus on trying to unify some aspects on Monday Nov 27, 2017.
Version 1.1
    Forest Maps and Space maps have all been linked.
        It is unknown if it is feasible to create a spaceship wreckage map at this time.
    Player Sprite and Camera need to be updated with Dzuy code.
        Ensure that the objects are not destroyed on load.
        If player health reaches zero, load the first scene and restore health.
        Player must not be able to use sword and gun respectively
            until they obtain the corresponding weapon.
        Probably use a boolean variable that is changed to true
            when the character interacts with corresponding weapons.
    There may be a need to modify the health of the destroyable objects, as 100 is currently too high.
        Probably change to 10 so that objects are destroyed in a single strike.
        
    Other details:
        Wooden Boards needs to be altered such that they can only be destroyed by guns.
        Slime enemies need to be altered such that guns will only inflict 1 damage to them.
        Spaceship should have a variety of enemies inside.
        The last room, Space 4, should have alot of slimes, probably of varying color, size, and health.
        If the arming sword needs to float behind the character
            then modify the default layer map items to have order in layer 1.
        Our game still doesn't have a name.
        We probably need sound.
Version 1.2
    Fixed spawning points. The player will now spawn appropriately in the correct locations.
    Fixed Dialogue. Dialogue now works as intended.
Version 1.3
    Added in company logo screen, credits screen, explanation screen, etc.
Version 1.4
    Bug fixes
Version 1.5
    Added village and crashed spaceship map.
Version 1.6
    Bug fixes
Version 1.7
    Removed non-asset folders and added a sound folder with corresponding files in assets folder.
Version 1.8
    Added bgm audio to scenes.
Version 1.9
    Details in email I sent to you. I added the sound folder with the audio tracks you will need.
    The changes I made are in the version 1.9 zip file.
    However, it would be faster to edit the scenes you currently.
    Since I was unable to work with the scenes that you pushed.
    Because the scenes wouldn't run due to missing prefabs/dependencies and other issues.