Ship Log 1 - Year 2XXX
The experiment has finally succeeded. We have successfully created a portal to another world.
We are currently preparing to enter the portal with the spaceship. Our crew consists of primarily of scientists, with a few support personal and other crew members.
We do not know what this new world could entail but we have high hopes that this expedition will have fruitful results.

Ship Log 2 - Year 2XXX
We have successfully transferred into another world. The land is lush and green, devoid of pollution. The level of civilization seems to be equivalent to the middle ages. 
Our first objective is to study the land. We have taken samples of all forms of materials throughout the world. Thankfully, due to our cloaking technology, we have managed to escape the detection of the strange lifeforms that are flying around.
Perhaps some of these materials will be very lucrative towards our expeditionary goals. If any of these materials produce significant results, then its possible that we can become famous, maybe even the Nobel Prize.

Ship Log 3 - Year 2XXX
Among some of the specimens that we have obtained, we have detected peculiar differences between the biology of the inhabitants of this world and our own.
Within their bodies, there exists an energy source unlike any we have ever seen before. Further research specimens has become necessary, as previous specimens have been disposed of during research. On another note, research into this world's other materials have been successful. 
Although many of the materials were ordinary, a strange red crystal can be combusted to produce shocking amounts of electricity. The ship's researchers has named these crystals as Viagra, an ancient power enchancer in olden times. Now, we are procuring these crystals en masse.

Ship Log 4 - Year 2XXX
We have been detected by a strange bedsheet monster mid-flight. According to ancient texts, this creature is called Medjed, and it shot beams from its eyes. We have managed to escape but our flight systems are damaged.
The ship has no other choice but to land temporarily for repairs. Fortunately, this will allow us to procure more research samples as repairs are underway. Due to a lack of industrialization, this land is abundant in rare minerals.
As long as we mine sufficiently deep, we can obtain any of the materials we require to repair the damaged done to our ship. However, this world is proving to be much more dangerous than initially anticipated.

Ship Log 5 - Year 2XXX
Much of the ship's functionality has been lost. The ship has been assaulted by wave after wave of unusual enemies. Our guns have proven completely useless on these jelly like creatures.
The ship's historian calls these creatures Slimes, a mysterious being from the legends of early modern society. Our ship's defense were penetrated last night and much of the staff has been killed. Our only hope is to activate the ship's emergency teleporter to return to our dimension.
However, this teleporter is very unstable. As long as these strange creatures have not occupied the teleporter room, we should be able to flee back to our dimension and request assistance from the world government.
